ha
Let's introduce the vt 1300 cx released this year from Honda
Well first of all please see
Also the characteristic of is anything but it is this styling looks
It is good to feel this way and look Papa'
It is very clean around before I thing Mecha play Nante
Furthermore, the position of the head pipe is
It is so far from high riders
It's still wide & low
Say the position is high in the head pipe in front
So-called chopper-like
It is such a look that exudes an atmosphere
What 's more that also supports plated parts
Sea bream
You can even receive the feeling that you are tuning and customizing it
Then we have adopted the pupils of hc that the v twin but I'm engine
But
that
I guess you 're riding twins
Do you feel a feeling
Or that particular of that low-rotation type
There is a great deal of feeling of heartbeat
I think I do not say I feel the vibration to say whether Well its deep
Well the vibration is so small that the cause is not only the one on the other side but also that one chassis side
I think I'm rich in ideas have been incorporated this bike
First of all, though it is a seal arm integrated with that shaft drive
When the Fuchu of Tteyuu Shingamu has to bear in Picot shut your time to the main frame
That Tteyuu by click of such layout but I'm almost say
Real to say I bike of that child in kindergarten
Well subframe
There by adding a
I think I'm asking bother swinger
Furthermore
Even though it has a part of the final gear because it is a walk drive
Sudo Main's shaft is more absolute by making its final gear part
Vibration is subject to instead One to border the
Well there is also devised say so is its smooth
a
Remove the deep, but heart even while leaving the What you doing Shi child assimilation
a What is it to the rider
It supplies only good riding taste and says that it supplies ep
It is also a house when it has the vehicle body circumference that he is very ingenious
This has the characteristic appearance of the high neck style
vtk tape cx
Oh yes, it's not enough with ordinary American
Everyone of the cruiser fans seeking a distinctive style
I want to advance